STUDENT FEEDBACK SYSTEM :

How to setup this project on your device -
Download xampp control panel on your device. Save it preferrably on the C: drive. When the xampp control panel is successfully save on your device, open the xampp folder where the xampp control panel is saved and then open the htdocs folder inside it. Paste this entire project inside that htdocs folder. Open the xampp control panel and start the Apache and MySQL server when you want to run the project. Then run the project on the web browser on the local server.

Short Summary -
This project on Student Feedback System made to ease the process of students giving feedbacks in various educational institutions. Moreover, the students aren’t able to convey their exact thoughts about the faculty and thereby unable to give proper feedback due to lack of communication skills. This project also considers the rating for faculty, so as to accurately describe the faculty skills, that accounts for genuine feedback. Also, the students can only give one feedback per faculty, that accounts for uniqueness. The students can register themselves using the signup/registration form/page. After that, they become eligible to give feedbacks about the faculties. The faculties can view the feedbacks that are given to them by the students, so as to work according to the same. There is an admin user, that has a complete hold of the entire system. It can perform various functions that are considered as unauthorized for the students and the faculties.